{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20040\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ---\
id: Asset Types\
title: Asset Types\
---\
HackerOne provides functionality to allow you to define your program's scope by listing assets that are considered in or out of scope for your program.\
\
HackerOne supports the following types of scope:\
\
Type | Details\
----- | ------\
CIDR | Any valid IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR range. <br>Examples: <ul><li>172.200.0.0/16</li><li>2001:db8::/48</li><li>fe80:0000:0000:0000:0204:61ff:fe9d:f156/3</li></ul>\
URL | A valid URI, per our uri_validator.rb (which mostly relies on the standard ruby libary \'93uri\'94 and matches the official URI RFC spec) <br>Examples: <ul><li>*.hackerone.com</li><li>https://maps.google.com</li><li>mywebsite.com/cool</li></ul>\
Apple Store App ID | A standard apple identifier. <br>(https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/General/Conceptual/DevPedia-CocoaCore/AppID.html) <br>Example: <ul><li>com.domainname.appname</li></ul>\
Testflight | A standard apple identifier. <br>(https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/General/Conceptual/DevPedia-CocoaCore/AppID.html) <br>Example: <ul><li>com.domainname.appme</li></ul>\
Other .ipa | A standard apple identifier. <br>(https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/General/Conceptual/DevPedia-CocoaCore/AppID.html) <br>Example: <ul><li>com.domainname.appme</li></ul>\
Google Play | A standard APK identifier. <br>(https://developer.android.com/studio/build/application-id.html) <br>Example: <ul><li>com.domainname.appme</li></ul>\
Windows Store App | Either a store ID like '9WZDNCRFHVJL' or an identifier name like 'Microsoft.SDKSamples.ApplicationDataSample' <br>Examples: <ul><li>9WZDNCRFHVJL</li><li>Microsoft.SDKSamples.ApplicationDataSample</li></ul>\
\
Source Code, Downloadable Executables and Hardware identifiers are not validated. You are free to use this in whatever suits your naming conventions. \
\
You can edit your scopes in your settings under Program -> Policy & Scope. For more information on how to edit your scopes, as well as best practices for defining your scopes, please see the "How do I define the Scope for my program?" article.\
\
If you have an asset that does not fit in any of the above types, please contact support@hackerone.com. \
}